Update br (#1472)
vesoft-inc/nebula-docs: docs-2.0/backup-and-restore/nebula-br/3.br-backup-data.md

        If there are multiple metad addresses, you can use any one of them.

  !!! caution

>         If you back up data to the local disk, only the data on the leader metad is backed up by default. So if there are multiple metad, you need to manually copy the directory of the leader metad (path `<storage_path>/meta`) and overwrite the corresponding directory of other follower meatd.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
        If you back up data to a local disk, only the data of the leader metad is backed up by default. So if there are multiple metad processes, you need to manually copy the directory of the leader metad (path `<storage_path>/meta`) and overwrite the corresponding directory of other follower meatd processes.
```
